fix source guide with mention of installation procedure (#218)
triggermesh/docs: docs/guides/creatingasource.md

# Creating a Source

!!! Info "Installation"

>     Make sure you have gone through the installation [procedure](installation.md) first before continuing with any of the guides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Make sure you have completed the installation [procedure](installation.md) before continuing with any of the guides.
```

## Create a AWS SQS Event source

> You can explore the specification of the object using the `kubectl explain` command. You will see that you need the ARN (i.e Amazon Resource Name) of your AWS SQS queue and you need AWS API keys that give you access to SQS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can explore the specification of the object using the `kubectl explain` command. You will see that you need the ARN (i.e Amazon Resource Name) of your AWS SQS queue and the AWS API keys that give you access to SQS.
```

     The destination of events sourced from Amazon SQS.
```

Create a secret called `awscreds` which contains your access key and your secret key like so:

```console
kubectl create secret generic awscreds \
  --from-literal=access_key_id=<ACCESS_KEY_ID> \
  --from-literal=secret_access_key=<SECRET_ACCESS_KEY>
```

> Then, write a YAML manifest for your SQS source similar to the one below. The following sample points to a SQS queue thanks to a reference to its ARN and a secret called `awscreds`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, write a YAML manifest for your SQS source similar to the one below. The following sample points to a SQS queue, referenced by its ARN and a secret called `awscreds`.
```
